Hello everyone, you guys would probably recognize me from the streets,
riding a scooter with a delivery bag on. Here is a fact scamming old
people and delivering food on doordash are officially India's biggest
exports rn.

If we had a catchphrase for every race it would go like this, white
people have white power, black people have black don't crack, middle
easterners Allah hu akbar Indian have "[hello sir this is your order
from doordash"]{.mark}. But not me no, I'm different. I think its racist
to assume that all Indians deliver food on doordash, I deliver on
UberEATS.

If you guys don't know in the delivery world Doordash is like bumble
whereas ubereats is like tinder. all the ugly poor people use doordash,
Uber-eats is where all the cool people dat.. It's a [minimum requirement
for delivering on uber eats is you have to be a surgeon in your
country..]{.mark}

No but I love delivering food, I get to walk around the city while
listening to Joe Rogan talk about transgender women beating "real
women". But the best part about delivering food is that you can get
really high.

I had a real stoner phase I wore a tshirt that said if we all had a bong
we'd all get along, another one which says alcohol kills but weed
chills. But sometimes I do too much. This one time I was picking up food
at this restaurant and [I am as baked as a cupcake, I am higher than a
giraffe's pussy. You couldn't even tell what kind of Asian I
was.]{.mark}

So, Im zonked out of my fuckin mind went into this restaurant with my
superior UberEATS delivery bag, waiting for the delivery meanwhile [I'm
stoned like a biblical whore]{.mark}. I started looking at the menu and
5 minutes later I am ordering food. Completely forgot I came in to pick
up someone's else's food. And it's not even my first time in that same
day. Ive lost more money than I've made working for uber. It's a real
problem. Life is hard.

I came to Canada 5 years ago; I was 17 years old trying to find who I
was as a person find my purpose in life. So, naturally I went to a
Starbucks. I really wanted to blend it with the locals, I started
introducing myself as JAY. So I'm at Starbucks and this is my first time
there, I go to the counter and immediately the casher said, bonjour hi,
sorry we don't do doordash deliveries. I'm like bitch its 2017, doordash
doesn't exist yet. Anyways so she asked me my order and then my name, I
give her my order and tell her that my name is Jay, SHE writes down
G-A-Y as my name,

French people have been fucking up my shit for a while now, etes-vous
francophone ou anglophone? None, Do I look like a fucking phone you dumb
croissant. why the fuck would you guys mix up G and J, its seriously not
cool, you know that you guys aren't even really French, you think French
people would eat POUTINE. Your swear words don't make sense, you call
each other table and cchair Anyways I digress, I get too worked up
sometimes. So she writes down my name and other barista starts making my
order and suddenly she looks up and yells -- one caramel macchiato for
MR. gay. MR. as if gay wasn't enough. I look around and I can see
everyone is looking at me, this lady next me is congratulating me and
starts clapping and then everyone around me starts clapping. And I'm
fucking furious, And I did what any person would do in this situation,
shoved the coffee up my ass. No I'm joking, I said thankyou and hopped
out of there. I haven't returned yet. I domt get applause so often

I don't have anything against gays, infact, my roommate is gay, thanks
for coming out, bro, appreciate it. I feel like I have a lot in common
with the gays, I'm broke they're gay, we're both born that way. Women
don't want anything to do with us. We're in deep shit from time to time.
Sometimes I wish I was gay, you know easy to date , lots of parades.
They cant even reproduce yet they keep popping up.

I was bullied a lot in school and one of my biggest fears are girls over
12 after they tried to throw me down the stairs In a dustbin. I have a
lot of intimacy issues and I think it's probably because I saw my
parents have sex, that was last week, and they don't even live in
Canada. I think they're trying to control me with sex. Im like sorry dad
I screwed up my exam today, my dad's like well somebody is getting
screwed tonight. One time I looked into a women eye and though I was in
love and then I saw the face and realised it was my mom. I have no game
when it comes to dating, my favourite pick up like is, do you know I
used to be a surgeon in my country. It doesn't work
