1.  Overview of the Project Goals and Scope

Goals

The overarching aim of this research and development initiative is to
create a robust, user-friendly set of guidelines aimed at fostering a
culture of inclusivity within student governance structures at Concordia
University. This will be achieved through the following layered
objectives:

1.  Data-Driven Insights: Collect qualitative and quantitative data to
    paint a comprehensive picture of the current state of inclusivity in
    student governance.

2.  Barrier Identification and Analysis: Use the data to identify both
    systemic and individual barriers that limit the participation of
    underrepresented groups. This involves a deep dive into the
    structural, cultural, and psychological obstacles that these
    students face.

3.  Stakeholder Collaboration: Foster a collaborative environment where
    all stakeholders, including students, administrators, and community
    members, can actively contribute to identifying problems and
    co-creating solutions.

4.  Solution Development: Create a set of actionable, sustainable, and
    adaptable solutions based on the barriers identified and the
    feedback received. These solutions should be underpinned by both
    empirical data and stakeholder input.

5.  Policy Formulation and Advocacy: Translate the solutions into policy
    recommendations that can be implemented by Concordia University and
    its various student governance bodies. Advocacy efforts will be made
    to ensure these policies are adopted and enforced.

6.  Long-Term Monitoring and Feedback Loop: Establish mechanisms for
    ongoing monitoring and evaluation of the implemented solutions and
    policies. Create a feedback loop for continuous improvement.

Scope

The project will commence with a meticulous scoping phase to identify
the depth and breadth of the issues at hand. The primary focus will be
Concordia University, specifically:

1.  Student Associations and Groups: The project will start by
    concentrating on student associations and groups within Concordia
    University, spanning faculties, and departments.

2.  Benchmarking: To gain a broader perspective, the project may also
    look at similar organizations across Canada and, if applicable, in
    the United States.

3.  Data Collection Methodologies: Multiple methodologies such as
    surveys, focus group discussions, interviews, and case studies will
    be employed to collect data.

4.  Stakeholder Consultation: Key stakeholders, including but not
    limited to university administrators, student group leaders, and
    community organizations, will be consulted at various stages of the
    project.

5.  Time Frame: The entire project is estimated to take 12 or more
    divided into several student led cohorts over one semester each. For
    this cohort it would include tasks like data collection, analysis,
    solution development, and initial implementation.

**2. List of All Stakeholders in a Table**

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Stakeholder        Sub-Category       Specific        Role &           Potential Impact
  Category                              Stakeholders    Contribution     on Project
  ------------------ ------------------ --------------- ---------------- ------------------
  Underrepresented   Ethnic & Racial    \- BIPOC        Voice lived      High; their
  Students           Minorities                         experiences,     inclusion is a
                                                        provide insights primary objective

                     Gender-Based       \- Women        Voice lived      High; their
                                                        experiences,     inclusion is a
                                                        provide insights primary objective

                     Ability Status     \- Persons with Voice lived      High; their
                                        Disabilities    experiences,     inclusion is a
                                                        provide insights primary objective

                     Sexual Orientation \- Members of   Voice lived      High; their
                                        the 2SLGBTQ+    experiences,     inclusion is a
                                                        provide insights primary objective

                     Socioeconomic      \- Low          Voice lived      High; their
                     Factors            Socioeconomic   experiences,     inclusion is a
                                        Status          provide insights primary objective

                     Immigration Status \- First &      Voice lived      High; their
                                        Second-Gen      experiences,     inclusion is a
                                        Immigrants      provide insights primary objective

                     Religious &        \- Religious    Voice lived      High; their
                     Linguistic         Minorities,     experiences,     inclusion is a
                                        Linguistic      provide insights primary objective
                                        Minorities                       

  Student Groups     Affinity Groups    \- ACSioN,      Offer platforms  Medium; serve as
                                        African         for inclusivity  testing grounds
                                        Students                         for policies
                                        Association,                     
                                        etc.                             

                     Departmental Level \- Political    Represent        Medium; could be
                                        Science Student specific         targets for pilot
                                        Association,    academic         programs
                                        etc.            disciplines      

                     The Big Six        \- CASA, CSU,   Policy           High; central to
                                        ASFA, etc.      formulation,     implementing
                                                        student          changes
                                                        representation   

                     Fee-Levy Groups    \- QPIRG, Link, Specialized      Medium to High;
                                        Greenhouse      platforms,       influence and
                                                        media,           resources
                                                        sustainability   

                     Others             \- MUN, Moot    Offer platforms  Low to Medium;
                                        Law Society     for skill        potential for
                                                        development      inclusivity
                                                                         initiatives

  University         Policy & Welfare   \- Office of    Policy           High; ultimate
  Administration                        Student Affairs enforcement,     authority on
                                                        student welfare  policy changes

                     Academic           \- Departmental Departmental     Medium; can
                     Departments        Heads           policy, academic influence specific
                                                        influence        departments

                     Student Guidance   \- Academic     Student          Medium; guide
                                        Advisors        guidance, bridge students in
                                                        to               extracurriculars
                                                        administration   

                     Financial Services \- Financial    Financial        Low to Medium; can
                                        Aid Office      support          offer targeted
                                                        mechanisms       scholarships

  Community          Non-Governmental   \- Local NGOs   Community        Low; validate and
  Organizations                                         outreach,        support the
                                                        external         initiative
                                                        perspectives     

                     Social Centers     \- Community    Ground-level     Low; can be
                                        Centers         implementation   secondary
                                                                         implementation
                                                                         partners
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Additional Stakeholder Suggestions:

1.  Student Welfare Services: Mental health and well-being services.

2.  Faculty Members: Educators and mentors.

3.  Alumni Associations: Previous students for historical context.

**3. Barriers of Entry and Bottlenecks for Each Underrepresented Group
Mapped to Each Type of Student Groups**

To achieve effective inclusion, it is crucial to understand the specific
barriers faced by each underrepresented group when it comes to
participating in different types of student groups. This section aims to
identify these barriers and bottlenecks.

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Underrepresented   Affinity Groups  Departmental     The Big Six      Fee-Levy Groups   Others
  Group                               Level                                               
  ------------------ ---------------- ---------------- ---------------- ----------------- ----------------
  Ethnic & Racial    Cultural         Limited          Tokenism         Financial         Discrimination
  Minorities (BIPOC) Isolation        Representation                    Barriers          

  Gender-Based       Stereotyping     Gender Bias      Glass Ceiling    Gender Bias       Discrimination
  (Women)                                                                                 

  Ability Status     Accessibility    Lack of          Lack of          Inaccessibility   Discrimination
  (Persons with      Issues           Facilities       Awareness                          
  Disabilities)                                                                           

  Sexual Orientation Discrimination   Discrimination   Discrimination   Lack of Awareness Discrimination
  (2SLGBTQ+)                                                                              

  Socioeconomic      Financial        Financial        Financial        Membership Fees   Lack of Time
  Factors (Low SES)  Barriers         Barriers         Barriers                           

  Immigration Status Cultural         Language         Lack of          Financial         Discrimination
                     Isolation        Barriers         Awareness        Barriers          

  Religious &        Cultural         Language         Discrimination   Lack of Awareness Discrimination
  Linguistic         Isolation        Barriers                                            
  Minorities                                                                              
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Explanation:**

Ethnic & Racial Minorities (BIPOC):

-   Affinity Groups: Cultural isolation can deter participation.

-   Departmental Level: Limited representation in departmental groups.

-   The Big Six: Risk of tokenism without genuine inclusion.

-   Fee-Levy Groups: Financial barriers to entry.

-   Others: Discrimination based on ethnicity and race.

Gender-Based (Women):

-   Affinity Groups: Stereotyping can deter participation.

-   Departmental Level: Gender bias in certain academic disciplines.

-   The Big Six: Glass ceiling effect.

-   Fee-Levy Groups: Gender bias in fee-levy group activities.

-   Others: Discrimination based on gender.

Ability Status (Persons with Disabilities):

-   Affinity Groups: Lack of accessible spaces.

-   Departmental Level: Lack of facilities for people with disabilities.

-   The Big Six: Lack of awareness about disability inclusion.

-   Fee-Levy Groups: Inaccessibility of events and spaces.

-   Others: Discrimination based on ability.

Sexual Orientation (2SLGBTQ+):

-   Discrimination can be a barrier across all types of student groups.

Socioeconomic Factors (Low SES):

-   Financial barriers can deter participation in Affinity Groups,
    Departmental Level groups, The Big Six, and Fee-Levy Groups.

-   Lack of time due to work commitments can be a barrier in \'Others\'.

Immigration Status:

-   Cultural isolation and language barriers are significant barriers
    across Affinity Groups and Departmental Level groups.

Religious & Linguistic Minorities:

-   Cultural isolation and discrimination can be barriers across all
    types of student groups.

**4. Potential Gains by Participation in Each Type of Student Group by
Each Underrepresented Group**

Participation in student groups offers a range of benefits that can be
particularly impactful for underrepresented students. These benefits can
range from personal development to academic and professional
advancement. Below is a table outlining the potential gains that
different underrepresented groups could achieve by participating in
various types of student organizations.

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **Underrepresented   **Affinity      **Departmental   **The Big    **Fee-Levy   **Others**
  Group**              Groups**        Level**          Six**        Groups**     
  -------------------- --------------- ---------------- ------------ ------------ -------------
  Ethnic & Racial      Cultural        Academic Support Policy       Social       Skill
  Minorities (BIPOC)   Validation                       Influence    Impact       Development

  Gender-Based (Women) Empowerment     Career           Leadership   Social       Skill
                                       Networking       Skills       Awareness    Development

  Ability Status       Accessibility   Academic Support Policy       Community    Skill
  (Persons with        Advocacy                         Influence    Building     Development
  Disabilities)                                                                   

  Sexual Orientation   Safe Spaces     Academic Support Policy       Social       Skill
  (2SLGBTQ+)                                            Influence    Impact       Development

  Socioeconomic        Financial Aid   Career           Financial    Community    Skill
  Factors (Low SES)    Awareness       Networking       Support      Service      Development

  Immigration Status   Cultural        Academic Support Policy       Social       Skill
                       Exchange                         Influence    Impact       Development

  Religious &          Religious       Academic Support Policy       Community    Skill
  Linguistic           Freedom                          Influence    Building     Development
  Minorities                                                                      
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Explanation:**

**Ethnic & Racial Minorities (BIPOC):**

-   Affinity Groups: Validate and celebrate their culture.

-   Departmental Level: Access to academic support and resources.

-   The Big Six: Influence policies affecting their communities.

-   Fee-Levy Groups: Make a social impact through community service.

-   Others: Develop skills not directly related to their ethnicity

Gender-Based (Women):

-   Affinity Groups: Empowerment through gender-specific activities.

-   Departmental Level: Networking opportunities for career advancement.

-   The Big Six: Gain leadership skills.

-   Fee-Levy Groups: Raise social awareness on gender issues.

-   Others: Develop skills in a non-gender-biased environment.

Ability Status (Persons with Disabilities):

-   Affinity Groups: Advocate for more accessible spaces and activities.

-   Departmental Level: Gain academic support tailored to their needs.

-   The Big Six: Influence policy to be more inclusive.

-   Fee-Levy Groups: Build a community that understands and supports
    them.

-   Others: Skill development in accessible settings.

Sexual Orientation (2SLGBTQ+):

-   Affinity Groups: Safe spaces for expression.

-   Departmental Level: Academic support from an inclusive community.

-   The Big Six: Influence policies affecting the 2SLGBTQ+ community.

-   Fee-Levy Groups: Make a social impact in the broader community.

-   Others: Skill development in diverse environments.

Socioeconomic Factors (Low SES):

-   Affinity Groups: Learn about financial aid and scholarship
    opportunities.

-   Departmental Level: Networking for potential job opportunities.

-   The Big Six: Gain financial support through student governance.

-   Fee-Levy Groups: Engage in community service.

-   Others: Develop skills that are valuable for job placements.

Immigration Status:

-   Affinity Groups: Cultural exchange and community building.

-   Departmental Level: Academic support in a new educational system.

-   The Big Six: Influence policies affecting immigrants.

-   Fee-Levy Groups: Make a social impact in their new community.

-   Others: Skill development and integration into the community.

Religious & Linguistic Minorities:

-   Affinity Groups: Exercise religious freedom and cultural expression.

-   Departmental Level: Gain academic support in their language.

-   The Big Six: Influence policies on religious and linguistic
    inclusivity.

-   Fee-Levy Groups: Build a community that respects their beliefs.

-   Others: Skill development in a religiously and linguistically
    inclusive environment.

By recognizing the unique benefits that each group can gain through
participation, we can more effectively promote inclusion and encourage
diverse student involvement across all types of student organizations.

**5. A Framework for Maintaining Inclusivity**

Maintaining inclusivity in student governance requires a holistic
approach that addresses both systemic and individualized barriers. The
framework we suggest is inspired by the University of Washington\'s
document on Inclusive Practices in Higher Education, adapted for the
context of student governance at Concordia University.

Key Components of the Inclusive Framework:

1.  Universal Design for Learning (UDL):

    -   Description: Creating flexible educational environments that can
        accommodate individual learning differences.

    -   Application: Make student governance resources accessible in
        multiple formats (text, audio, video).

2.  Culturally Responsive Teaching (CRT):

    -   Description: Acknowledge the diversity of students\' backgrounds
        and adapt teaching methods accordingly.

    -   Application: Train student leaders to be culturally sensitive
        and responsive to the needs of different groups.

3.  Social-Emotional Learning (SEL):

    -   Description: Addressing the emotional well-being of students in
        educational environments.

    -   Application: Create emotional safe spaces within student groups
        and governance bodies.

4.  Community Building:

    -   Description: Facilitating opportunities for community
        interaction and engagement.

    -   Application: Hold events and initiatives that specifically
        target and invite participation from underrepresented groups.

5.  Policy Alignment and Review:

    -   Description: Regularly reviewing policies to ensure they align
        with current inclusive best practices.

    -   Application: Conduct yearly reviews of student governance
        policies to ensure they are inclusive and accessible.

6.  Data-Driven Decision Making:

    -   Description: Using data to make informed decisions.

    -   Application: Use surveys and studies, like the Concordia student
        census, to inform policy and practice.

7.  Accountability and Transparency:

    -   Description: Hold governing bodies and organizations accountable
        for their inclusivity efforts.

    -   Application: Publish yearly reports on the state of inclusivity
        within student governance, including metrics and future goals.

8.  Incentive Systems:

    -   Description: Reward systems for encouraging inclusive behavior.

    -   Application: Implement rewards or recognition for student groups
        that demonstrate effective inclusivity practices.

Action Steps:

1.  Training: Implement mandatory inclusivity training for all student
    leaders.

2.  Monitoring: Establish a committee responsible for monitoring the
    state of inclusivity within all student governance bodies.

3.  Resource Allocation: Allocate funds specifically for inclusivity
    initiatives.

4.  Feedback Loop: Create a mechanism for ongoing feedback from the
    student body to continually refine and improve inclusivity measures.

5.  Collaboration: Work with external experts and organizations
    specialized in inclusivity to regularly review and update the
    framework.

By implementing this comprehensive framework, Concordia University can
create a more inclusive environment within student governance that not
only welcomes but also actively supports the participation of
underrepresented groups.

![](/media/image.png){width="6.5in" height="3.14251968503937in"}

**6. Outcomes and Measuring Success Metrics for This Project**

**Suggested Metrics:**

-   **Participation Rates in Governance Bodies:** The percentage of
    underrepresented students in various student groups and governance
    bodies will serve as a primary metric.

-   **Inclusivity Initiatives:** The number and nature of inclusivity
    initiatives launched by student governance bodies within a semester
    or academic year.

-   **Resource Allocation:** Quantitative data on the amount of funding
    allocated to inclusivity programs and its subsequent utilization.

-   **Policy Impact:** Measure the number and type of policy changes
    made to promote inclusivity within a specific timeframe.

Suggested Strategies:

-   Anonymized Digital Check-ins: Implement a system that allows
    students to anonymously check-in during governance meetings or
    events, thereby collecting attendance and diversity data without
    breaching privacy.

-   Public Accountability Reports: Regularly release anonymized,
    aggregate data on the state of inclusivity within student
    governance, without individual identifiers.

-   Third-Party Audits: Conduct periodic audits through external
    agencies to evaluate inclusivity metrics, ensuring an unbiased
    viewpoint and strict confidentiality.

-   Faculty and Advisor Feedback: Gather anonymous feedback from faculty
    advisors who interact closely with student governance bodies, as
    they can provide an additional layer of insight into inclusivity.

**7. Hosting the Document on Retype within This Project's Context**

[**retype**](https://retype.com/)

Benefits and Perks:

-   Real-Time Updates: Given that this project aims to be a living
    document, Retype\'s robust version control allows for quick updates
    as new findings emerge or policies evolve.

-   Collaborative Editing: Stakeholders from different categories (e.g.,
    university admin, student groups, underrepresented students) can
    offer direct input, making the document a collective effort.

-   User-Generated Feedback: The commenting feature can be used to
    gather suggestions for further research areas or necessary
    refinements in the framework, providing real-time engagement without
    compromising student privacy.

Potential Issues:

-   User Familiarity: If Retype is not a commonly used platform within
    Concordia University\'s student governance circles, its introduction
    could cause initial friction or disengagement.

-   Accessibility: While Retype is generally accessible, the platform\'s
    accessibility features should be vetted to ensure they meet the
    specific needs of the underrepresented groups identified in this
    project.

By integrating these outcome measurement strategies and utilizing Retype
for the project\'s hosting needs, we can create a responsive,
transparent, and effective guideline that is aligned with the evolving
needs of inclusivity in Concordia University\'s student governance.

8\. Document Pipelines and Versions for Different Stakeholders

The core document focusing on inclusivity within student governance
bodies at Concordia University will serve as the foundational text.
However, specific versions tailored to different stakeholders can
amplify its impact. Below are some suggested pipelines for the main
document preparation:

For University Administration:

1.  Academic Advisor Guidelines: Create a version specifically aimed at
    academic advisors, outlining how they can encourage and guide
    underrepresented students to engage in out-of-class activities and
    student governance.

2.  Institutional Policy Framework: Develop a streamlined version for
    upper-level administration to facilitate policy changes that promote
    student participation in governance bodies.

For Different Types of Student Groups:

1.  Affinity Groups: A tailored version focusing on the unique
    challenges and opportunities for inclusivity within identity-based
    student organizations.

2.  Departmental Associations: A version that addresses the specific
    governance structures within academic departments and how they can
    be made more inclusive.

3.  Big Six Organizations: A high-level overview aimed at the most
    prominent student groups on campus, offering best practices for
    inclusivity that could set the standard for other organizations.

4.  Fee-Levy and Special Interest Groups: A version that includes
    guidelines for how these groups can ensure their unique interests
    and governance structures are also inclusive.

For Other University Departments:

1.  Student Services: A version designed for staff who oversee student
    services, outlining how they can facilitate and support inclusivity
    within student governance.

2.  Faculty: A faculty-focused version that can be included in faculty
    meetings and development sessions to encourage faculty support for
    student governance inclusivity initiatives.

3.  Office of Diversity and Inclusion: A version to help this office
    better coordinate its efforts with student governance bodies.

For External Stakeholders:

1.  Alumni Association: A version could be produced to engage alumni who
    are interested in promoting inclusivity within student governance
    bodies.

2.  Potential Donors: A tailored document to inform potential donors on
    how their contributions can make a significant impact on inclusivity
    within student governance.

Each version would maintain the core principles and findings of the
original document while providing specific recommendations, resources,
or action items relevant to that particular audience. This multi-pronged
approach ensures that the guidelines are not only comprehensive but also
actionable across different sectors of the university community.

9\. Streamlined Document Pipelines and Versions for Different
Stakeholders

Given the overlapping needs and interests of various stakeholders, it\'s
practical to condense the document into fewer, more generalized
versions. This allows for a broader reach without diluting the core
message and objectives.

For University Entities (Administration & Departments):

-   University Governance & Policy Framework: This version would serve
    the upper-level administration, academic advisors, and other
    university departments like Student Services and the Office of
    Diversity and Inclusion. It would focus on institutional strategies
    for promoting inclusivity and how these entities can facilitate and
    support it. It can include appendices or sections specifically
    tailored to each group\'s role.

    -   Justification: Centralizing the information for university
        bodies allows for a unified policy approach and avoids
        redundancy.

For Student Groups:

-   Student Group Governance Guide: This version would be tailored for
    all types of student groups, including Affinity Groups, Departmental
    Associations, Big Six Organizations, and Fee-Levy Groups. It would
    offer best practices for inclusivity and governance structures that
    can be adapted to each group\'s unique needs.

    -   Justification: Most student groups face similar challenges in
        governance and inclusivity, so a single, comprehensive guide can
        serve as a broad tool for improvement while allowing for
        specific adaptations.

For Faculty and External Stakeholders:

-   Community Engagement Version: Aimed at faculty, alumni, and
    potential donors, this version would focus on how external parties
    can support and engage with student governance to promote
    inclusivity. It could include case studies and action items that are
    relevant to each group.

    -   Justification: Faculty and external stakeholders often interact
        with student governance in similar capacities, usually as
        advisors or supporters. A single document can guide these
        interactions in a way that promotes inclusivity.

By streamlining the document versions, we can ensure that each
stakeholder group receives targeted yet comprehensive guidance, thereby
facilitating more effective and coordinated efforts toward promoting
inclusivity within student governance at Concordia University.

10.Literature review

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Study/Research      Purpose of         Attributes/ Identified  Source and Other Pertinent Information
  Consulted           Study/Guides       Groups                  
  ------------------- ------------------ ----------------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Kathryn McMullen    Examines the       Family Income, Parental [Link](https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/n1/en/pub/81-004-x/2011004/article/11595-eng.pdf?st=Y4zplptc)
  Centre for          characteristics of Education, Community    
  Education           young people most  Type, Family Type,      
  Statistics          likely to go to    Immigrant Status,       
  Statistics Canada   college or         Aboriginal Status       
  (Archived, 2011)    university after                           
                      high school.                               

  Under-Represented   Extended analysis  Disability Status,      [Link](https://heqco.ca/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/UnderRepdGroupsENG.pdf)
  Groups in           of access to PSE   French Minority Outside 
  Postsecondary       among              Quebec, Gender          
  Education in        underrepresented                           
  Ontario: Evidence   groups within the                          
  from the Youth in   Ontario                                    
  Transition Survey   population.                                
  (2011)                                                         

  Best Practices in   Guide to achieving Women, Gender           [Link](https://www.sshrc-crsh.gc.ca/funding-financement/nfrf-fnfr/edi-eng.aspx?wbdisable=true)
  Equity, Diversity,  greater EDI in     Minorities, Persons     
  and Inclusion in    research practice  with disabilities,      
  Research Practice   and design.        Indigenous Peoples,     
  and Design (2022)                      Black Individuals,      
                                         Racialised Individuals, 
                                         2SLGBTQIA+              

  Admissions Policies Examines topics of Low Income/SES, 1st     [Link](https://www.bccat.ca/pubs/UnderrepresentedGroups.pdf)
  and Practices for   equity and access  Generation              
  Underrepresented    to post-secondary  Learner/Parental        
  Groups of Students  education.         education,              
  (2018)                                 Underprepared/low HS    
                                         success/engagement,     
                                         Delayed/mature          
                                         entrants/adult          
                                         learners, Family        
                                         structure/dependents,   
                                         Women or Men, Rural     
                                         Origins, Disability,    
                                         Indigenous/Aboriginal   
                                         identity, Ethnic        
                                         Minority/visible        
                                         minority, Minority      
                                         Language, Immigrant 1st 
                                         or 2nd generation,      
                                         Employment/dislocated   
                                         workers                 

  Equity, Diversity & Summary of         2SLGBTQ+, Indigenous    [Link](https://www.yorku.ca/vpepc/wp-content/uploads/sites/310/2022/04/EDI-in-HEIs-presentation-dec-2020.pdf)
  Inclusion in        findings from an   Students, Racialised    
  Canadian Higher     environmental scan Students, Students with 
  Education (2022?)   looking into EDI   Disabilities, Women     
                      work at Higher                             
                      Education                                  
                      Institutions.                              

  Dimensions Charter  Charter            Women, Indigenous       [Link](http://www.nserc-crsng.gc.ca/InterAgency-Interorganismes/EDI-EDI/Dimensions-Charter_Dimensions-Charte_eng.asp)
  (2019)              foundational to    Peoples, Persons with   
                      fostering          disabilities, Members   
                      increased research of visible              
                      excellence,        minority/racialised     
                      innovation, and    groups, LGBTQ2+         
                      creativity through                         
                      greater EDI.                               
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Study/Research     Purpose of         Attributes/        Source
  Consulted          Study/Guides       Identified Groups  
  ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  When I say ...     Examines the       General, focuses   [Link](https://chat.openai.com/c/266b3abc-518e-481f-a6f9-c92a18b9c15f#)
  removing barriers  nuances of         on marginalized    
  (2023)             removing barriers  groups             
                     in health                             
                     professions                           
                     education,                            
                     focusing on                           
                     justice, equity,                      
                     diversity, and                        
                     inclusion (JEDI).                     

  The Report of the  Identifies         Black and Latino   [Link](https://chat.openai.com/c/266b3abc-518e-481f-a6f9-c92a18b9c15f#)
  2021-2022 AACP     critical barriers  groups, PharmD     
  Research and       hindering          students/recent    
  Graduate Affairs   underrepresented   graduates          
  Committee (2023)   groups from                           
                     pursuing advanced                     
                     degrees and                           
                     research-related                      
                     careers in                            
                     pharmacy                              
                     education.                            

  When I say ...     Discusses the      General, focuses   [Link](https://chat.openai.com/c/266b3abc-518e-481f-a6f9-c92a18b9c15f#)
  diversity, equity  interrelatedness   on minoritized     
  and inclusion      of diversity,      groups             
  (DEI) (2022)       equity, and                           
                     inclusion in                          
                     medical education                     
                     and the need for a                    
                     systemic approach.                    

  Role of            Investigates the   Indigenous Peoples [Link](https://chat.openai.com/c/266b3abc-518e-481f-a6f9-c92a18b9c15f#)
  Professional       cultural,                             
  Societies on       spiritual, and                        
  Increasing         ethical factors                       
  Indigenous         affecting                             
  Peoples'           Indigenous                            
  Participation and  people\'s success                     
  Leadership in      in STEMM fields.                      
  STEMM (2021)                                             

  A Framework for    Provides a         General, all       [Link](https://www.washington.edu/doit/sites/default/files/atoms/files/A%20Framework%20for%20Inclusive%20Practices%20in%20Higher%20Education_.pdf)
  Inclusive          comprehensive      students           
  Practices in       framework for                         
  Higher Education   inclusive                             
                     practices in                          
                     higher education                      
                     settings.                             

  UCLA's Competitive Evaluates UCLA\'s  Students from      [Access the full article](https://chat.openai.com/c/266b3abc-518e-481f-a6f9-c92a18b9c15f#)
  Edge Program       Competitive Edge   underrepresented   
  Provides an        (CE) bridge        groups             
  Advantage to STEM  program aiding                        
  Doctoral Students  students in areas                     
  from Historically  influencing                           
  Excluded and       graduate student                      
  Underrepresented   attrition.                            
  Groups                                                   

  Understanding      Examines the       Underrepresented   [Access the full article](https://chat.openai.com/c/266b3abc-518e-481f-a6f9-c92a18b9c15f#)
  History, Building  importance of      student groups,    
  Trust, and Sharing capturing the      BIPOC membership   
  Appraisal          experiences of                        
  Authority:         underrepresented                      
  Engaging           student groups                        
  Underrepresented   through university                    
  Student Groups     cultural centers.                     
  through Culture                                          
  Centers                                                  

  From Diversity to  Centers the        Underrepresented   [Access the full article](https://chat.openai.com/c/266b3abc-518e-481f-a6f9-c92a18b9c15f#)
  Inclusion:         experiences of     undergraduate      
  Centring the       traditionally      students           
  Voices of          underrepresented                      
  Undergraduate      undergraduate                         
  Engineering        students in a                         
  Students           faculty of                            
                     engineering.                          

  From mentee to     Provides           Underrepresented   [Access the full article](https://chat.openai.com/c/266b3abc-518e-481f-a6f9-c92a18b9c15f#)
  mentor:            reflections on a   groups in medicine 
  reflections on a   pre-medical                           
  pre-medical        student mentorship                    
  student mentorship program designed                      
  program for        for                                   
  underrepresented   underrepresented                      
  groups in medicine groups in                             
                     medicine.                             
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
